[orc8r][docs] Added orcl/scaled deployment docs and minor test cluster cleanups (#7931)
magma/magma: docs/readmes/orc8r/deploy_terraform_options.md

```

At this point, you can run `terraform init`, `terraform plan`, and `terraform apply` to proceed with the deployment.

## Managing Scaled Orc8r Deployments

> In our default deployments, the current recommendation is to bring up orc8r instances(eks_worker_groups) as “t3.large” and DB instance(orc8r_db_instance_class) as “db.m4.large” instance. These default recommendations works well for small to medium deployments (< 50 gateways) and (< 10k subscribers). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our default deployments, the current recommendation is to bring up Orc8r instances (`eks_worker_groups`) as `t3.large` and DB instance (`orc8r_db_instance_class`) as "db.m4.large" instance. These default recommendations works well for small to medium deployments (up to 50 gateways and 10k subscribers). 
```

> For medium large to high scale deployments i.e > 50 gateways and > 10k subscribers we recommend the following.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For medium large to high scale deployments (larger than 50 gateways or 10k subscribers) we recommend the following.
```

### RDS

> Setting ‘orc8r_db_instance_class’ to db.m4.xlarge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting `orc8r_db_instance_class` to `db.m4.xlarge`
```

### Prometheus

> Prometheus also requires an instance with larger memory footprint when number of metrics scraped increases. We would recommend using t3.xlarge instance and pinning prometheus service with a larger node instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prometheus also requires an instance with larger memory footprint when number of metrics scraped increases. We recommend using `t3.xlarge` instance and pinning Prometheus service with a larger node instance.
```

@@ -102,12 +102,21 @@ variable "eks_worker_groups" {
 {
 name = "wg-1"
 instance_type = "t3.large"
- asg_desired_capacity = 3
+ asg_desired_capacity = 2
 asg_min_size = 1
- asg_max_size = 3
+ asg_max_size = 2
 autoscaling_enabled = false
 kubelet_extra_args = "" // object types must be identical (see thanos_worker_groups)
 },
+ {
+ name = "wg-2"
+ instance_type = "t3.xlarge"
+ asg_desired_capacity = 1
+ asg_min_size = 1
+ asg_max_size = 1
+ autoscaling_enabled = false
+ kubelet_extra_args = "" // object types must be identical (see thanos_worker_groups)
+ },
 ]
 }
 diff --git a/orc8r/cloud/deploy/terraform/orc8r-helm-aws/templates/orc8r-values.tpl b/orc8r/cloud/deploy/terraform/orc8r-helm-aws/templates/orc8r-values.tpl
index d3b2e3837..f6a07c9e8 100644
--- a/orc8r/cloud/deploy/terraform/orc8r-helm-aws/templates/orc8r-values.tpl
+++ b/orc8r/cloud/deploy/terraform/orc8r-helm-aws/templates/orc8r-values.tpl
@@ -83,6 +83,8 @@ metrics:
     includeOrc8rAlerts: true
     prometheusCacheHostname: ${prometheus_cache_hostname}
     alertmanagerHostname: ${alertmanager_hostname}
+    nodeSelector:
+      node.kubernetes.io/instance-type: t3.xlarge

   alertmanager:
     create: true
 

> ```

Reviewer: This is a bit gross. Do we not provide support for this just through existing Terraform variables/configuration? If not, I can take a todo to provide this

**Snapshotting**
curl -XPOST http://localhost:9090/api/v1/admin/tsdb/snapshot

**Delete Series**

> https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/querying/api/

Reviewer: Add more info here, I'm not sure what the purpose of these sections is

> ### Elasticsearch Instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Elasticsearch instance
```

> Recommend tuning “elasticsearch_ebs_volume_size” and “elasticsearch_disk_threshold” to ensure that elasticsearch can deal with volume of events and logs. Currently elasticsearch curator cleans up indices based on age and space consumed. We would highly recommend customizing elasticsearch_curator for your own deployment and ensuring that important logs are backed up. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recommend tuning `elasticsearch_ebs_volume_size` and `elasticsearch_disk_threshold` to ensure Elasticsearch can deal with volume of events and logs. Currently Elasticsearch curator cleans up indices based on age and space consumed. We would highly recommend customizing `elasticsearch_curator` for your own deployment and ensuring that important logs are backed up. 
```

**Snapshotting**

> https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/snapshot-restore.html#snapshot-restore

Reviewer: Same here, this section is a bit lacking in description
